Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedc-program-that-determines-the-miles-per-gallon
<br>
Write a C program that determines the miles per gallon for 3 tanks of gasoline that a user fills in his/her car. We will explain to the user very clearly what the program will be doing and how they should enter data. The program should prompt the user to enter the number of gallons used and the number of miles driven for each of the 3 tanks of gas. The program should then calculate and display the miles per gallon obtained for each tank. Once processing is complete for the 3 tanks, the program will calculate the overall mileage(total gallons / total miles) and display a friendly “Goodbye” message as shown below. Once you create, compile, link and run your program, your program should present the following dialog to the user: Welcome to the mileage calculator. This program will calculate the miles per gallon for you for three tanks of gas after you have entered the gallons used and miles driven. Enter the number of gallons used for tank #1: 12.8 Enter the number of miles driven: 287.1 *** The miles per gallon for this tank is 22.4 Enter the number of gallons used for tank #2: 10.3 Enter the number of miles driven: 200.2 *** The miles per gallon for this tank is 19.4 Enter the number of gallons used for tank #3: 5.2 Enter the number of miles driven: 120.9 *** The miles per gallon for this tank is 23.3 Your overall average miles per gallon for three tanks is 21.5 Thank you for using the program. Goodbye. Note: The blue text represents the “output” from your program and is shown for clarity only here. It is not required that your output be in this color. (Do not even attempt to try!). Also note that what the user types in is indicated by the black text above. The first two lines may be any suitable message to the user. After that the program should run as above. The output spacing is important.